End User Licence Agreement for Commercial and Evaluation Use of the
Models 

IMPORTANT: READ CAREFULLY PRIOR TO ANY INSTALLATION OR USE OF THE
MODELS. 

You are in possession of, or about to install or download, certain
Models (as defined below). The Models are owned by ARM Limited ("ARM")
or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties as well as other intellectual property laws and
treaties. The Models are licensed not sold. ARM IS WILLING TO LICENCE
THE MODELS TO YOU UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS
CONTAINED IN THIS LICENCE. ANY USE BY YOU OF THE MODELS ARE REGULATED
BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENCE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT"). 

THIS LICENCE WILL OVERRIDE THE TERMS OF ANY OTHER LICENCES ENCLOSED
WITH THE SOFTWARE. 

ACCEPTANCE 

If you agree with and accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement
it shall become a legally binding agreement between you and ARM and you
may proceed to install, copy and use (as the case may be) the Models in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. 

REJECTION AND RIGHT TO A REFUND 

If you do not agree with or do not wish to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this Agreement you may NOT install, copy or use the
Models and should promptly return the Models to the person who provided
it to you for a full refund (if you purchased the Models). 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS: 

1. Definitions 

1.1 "ARM Based Product" means an integrated circuit incorporating a CPU
manufactured under licence from ARM. 

1.2 "Models" means the object code of the programs you are in
possession of, installing or downloading with this Agreement, together
with any Updates thereto delivered to You. 

1.3 "Confidential Information" means (i) any trade secrets and know-how
embodied in or relating to the Models; (ii) any information designated
in writing by ARM as confidential and any information which if
disclosed orally by ARM, is identified as confidential at the time of
disclosure and is reduced to writing and sent to You within thirty (30)
days after its oral disclosure; and (iii) the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

1.4 "Intellectual Property" means any patents, patent rights, trade
marks, service marks, registered designs, applications for any of the
foregoing, copyright, unregistered design right and any other similar
protected rights in any country. 

1.5 "Key Server(s)" means a computer system that is owned or controlled
by You at the location specified in Your applicable purchase order and
designated as the computer system on which the Models will be used. 

1.6 "Licence Key" means a document (in physical or electronic format)
or an activation key provided by ARM to You which reflects Your
applicable purchase order and which may identify (i) the Models,
including version number, number of seats licensed to You and any
relevant restrictions on use; (ii) the Key Server(s); (iii) the
duration of any licence granted to you; and (iv) the codes which You
must input to initialise use of Models on the Key Server(s). 

1.7 "Updates" means any (i) error corrections developed by or for ARM;
and (ii) functional enhancements or other modifications developed by or
for ARM (which ARM in its discretion decides does not constitute a new
product or model), together with any Intellectual Property embodied
therein. 

2. Licence 

Commercial Use Licence 

2.1 ARM hereby grants to You (subject to termination and the payment of
appropriate licence fees), a non-exclusive, non-transferable, licence
to use and copy, the Models and related documentation solely: (a) for
your internal business purposes; (b) in accordance with the relevant
License Key issued to you and any associated licence management
software provided as part of, or used in connection with the Models;
and (c) for the purpose of developing ARM Based Products. 

Evaluation Use Licence 

2.2 If Your Licence Key provides only for evaluation use of the Models,
ARM hereby grants to You (subject to termination and the payment of
appropriate licence fees), a non-exclusive, non-transferable, licence
for the period of thirty (30) days from Your acceptance of this
Agreement (the "Term"), to use and copy, the Models and related
documentation solely: (a) for your internal testing and evaluation; (b)
in accordance with the relevant License Key issued to you and any
associated licence management software provided as part of, or used in
connection with the Models; and (c) for the actual or intended purpose
of developing ARM Based Products. 

2.3 You shall reproduce and not remove or obscure any notice
incorporated by ARM in the Models to protect ARM's Intellectual
Property therein. You shall incorporate corresponding notices and such
other markings and notifications as ARM may reasonably require on all
copies of the whole or any part of the Models made by You. 

2.4 You acquire no right, title or interest in the Models or any
Intellectual Property therein. In no event shall the licences granted
in Clause 2.1 and 2.2 be construed as granting You expressly or by
implication, estoppel or otherwise, licences to any ARM technology
other than the Models. 

2.5 No right is granted to You to sublicence, assign or transfer the
rights granted to You under this Agreement. 

2.6 Except to the extent that such activity is permitted by applicable
law you shall not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any of the
Software. If the Software was provided to you in Europe you shall not
reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any of the Software for the
purposes of error correction. You shall not include the Software or any
part thereof in a collective work. 

3. Support 

3.1 If you purchased the Software directly from ARM, you are entitled
to reasonable telephone and e-mail support for the Software for the
period of twelve (12) months, commencing from the day of purchase; such
support to be prioritised at ARM's discretion. Support supplied by ARM
may not be used as a substitute for training nor as additional resource
for your programming projects. 

If you did not purchase the Software directly from ARM then you are not
entitled to any support for the Software from ARM under this Agreement.
The vendor of the Software may or may not offer support to you for the
Software. 

Details of how to obtain support from your supplier, whether ARM or
another vendor, can be found in the Technical Support area of http://
www.arm.com. 

3.2 You agree that any written or oral evaluations or feedback provided
to ARM and all inventions, product improvements, modifications or
developments that ARM conceives or made during or subsequent to this
Agreement and relating to the Models, including those based partly or
wholly on your written or oral evaluations or feedback, will be the
exclusive property of ARM. ARM will have exclusive rights, title and
interest in all such property. 

4. Confidentiality 

You acknowledge that the Models and associated documentation contain
confidential and highly sensitive material. Accordingly you agree to
maintain in confidence the Confidential Information and apply security
measures no less stringent than the measures which you apply to protect
your own like information, but not less than a reasonable degree of
care, to prevent unauthorised disclosure and use of the Confidential
Information. Subject to any restrictions imposed by applicable law, the
period of confidentiality shall be indefinite. You agree that you shall
not use any of the Confidential Information other than pursuant to and
in accordance with the exercise of any of the licences granted under
this Agreement. 

5. Warranties 

5.1 THE MODELS ARE LICENSED "AS IS" AND ARM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS, EXPRESS IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. 

If provided for in Your Licence Key, ARM warrants that for the period
of ninety (90) days from the date of purchase by You of the Models, ARM
warrants to You that: 

(i) the media on which the Models is provided shall be free from
defects in materials and workmanship under normal use; and 

(ii) the Models will perform substantially in accordance with the
Documentation (if any). 

6. Limitation of Liability 

6.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
COST OF REMOVAL AND REINSTALLATION OF GOODS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF
PROFITS, LOSS OF USE OF DATA, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR OTHER
ECONOMIC LOSS) WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF TORTIOUS
CONDUCT OR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE MODELS ARE NOT
FAULT-TOLERANT AND ARE NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED OR INTENDED FOR USE
OR RESALE AS ON-LINE CONTROL EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS
REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE, SUCH AS IN THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR
FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC
CONTROL, DIRECT LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES, OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS, IN WHICH THE
FAILURE OF THE MODELS COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR
SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE ("HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES").
ACCORDINGLY, ARM AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES. YOU AGREE THAT
ARM AND ITS SUPPLIERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES
ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE MODELS IN SUCH APPLICATIONS AND THAT YOU
SHALL INDEMNIFY ARM FOR ANY LIABILITY IT INCURS HOWEVER ARISING OUT OF
YOUR USE OF THE MODELS IN SUCH APPLICATIONS. 

6.2 NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS
AGREEMENT, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF ARM TO YOU IN AGGREGATE FOR ALL
CLAIMS MADE AGAINST ARM IN CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED
THE TOTAL OF SUMS PAID BY YOU TO ARM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. IN THE CASE
WHERE NO AMOUNT WAS PAID, ARM AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY
TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER. 

6.3 NOTHING IN THIS CLAUSE 6 SHALL OPERATE TO EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR
DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM EITHER PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE. 

7. Term and Termination 

7.1 This Agreement remains effective until expiration or unless sooner
terminated in accordance with the provisions of Clause 7.2. If the
Models were provided to You for limited term use (as set out in Your
License Key), this Agreement will automatically expire at the end of
the authorised term. If the Models were provided to You under an
Evaluation Use Licence, this Agreement shall remain in force for the
Term. 

7.2 Without prejudice to any of its other rights, if you are in breach
of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, then ARM may
terminate the Agreement immediately upon giving written notice to You. 

Upon any termination or expiration, you agree to cease all use of the
Models and return them to ARM or certify deletion and destruction of
the Models, including all copies, to ARM's reasonable satisfaction. 

Without limitation to the survival of other terms as expressly set out
elsewhere under the terms of this Agreement, upon expiration or sooner
termination of this Agreement, the provisions of Clauses 1, 3.2, 4, 6,
7 and 8 shall survive such termination. 

8. General 

This Agreement is governed by English Law. 

This is the only agreement between you and ARM relating to the Software
and it may only be modified by written agreement between you and ARM.
This Agreement may not be modified by purchase orders, advertising or
other representation by any person. 

If any Clause in this Agreement is held by a court of law to be illegal
or unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreement shall not be
affected thereby. 

The failure by ARM to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement,
unless waived in writing, shall not constitute a waiver of ARM's rights
to enforce such provision or any other provision of the Agreement in
the future. 

Use, copying or disclosure by the US Government is subject to the
restrictions set out in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in
Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software,
Restricted Rights at 48 C.F.R. 52.227-19, as applicable. 

You agree to comply with all export laws and restrictions and
regulations of the United States or foreign agencies or authorities,
and not to export or re-export the Models or any direct product thereof
in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations, or without
all necessary approvals. As applicable, each party shall obtain and
bear all expenses relating to any necessary licenses and/or exemptions
with respect to its own export of the Models from the U.S. 

8 September, 2003 Confidential LEC-ELA-00035-V3.0 

TB/JC 1 of 4 ARM/End Users 